c:\users\srilatha.devireddy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Partnership\Features\bin\Debug\Features.dll.config
c:\users\srilatha.devireddy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Partnership\Features\bin\Debug\Features.dll
c:\users\srilatha.devireddy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Partnership\Features\bin\Debug\Features.pdb
c:\users\srilatha.devireddy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Partnership\Features\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\srilatha.devireddy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Partnership\Features\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\srilatha.devireddy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Partnership\Features\bin\Debug\Partnership.dll
c:\users\srilatha.devireddy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Partnership\Features\bin\Debug\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
c:\users\srilatha.devireddy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Partnership\Features\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
c:\users\srilatha.devireddy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Partnership\Features\bin\Debug\TechTalk.SpecFlow.dll
c:\users\srilatha.devireddy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Partnership\Features\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\srilatha.devireddy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Partnership\Features\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\users\srilatha.devireddy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Partnership\Features\bin\Debug\Partnership.pdb
c:\users\srilatha.devireddy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Partnership\Features\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\srilatha.devireddy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Partnership\Features\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.pdb
c:\users\srilatha.devireddy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Partnership\Features\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\srilatha.devireddy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Partnership\Features\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\srilatha.devireddy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Partnership\Features\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\users\srilatha.devireddy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Partnership\Features\obj\Debug\Features.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\srilatha.devireddy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Partnership\Features\obj\Debug\Features.dll
c:\users\srilatha.devireddy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Partnership\Features\obj\Debug\Features.pdb
c:\users\srilatha.devireddy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Partnership\Features\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\srilatha.devireddy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Partnership\Features\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\srilatha.devireddy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Partnership\Features\bin\Debug\Fourth.AutomationFramework.dll
